pip install -r requirements.txt

returning item in REST API must be:
JSON serializable - a Python object can be converted into a JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) format using json.dumps() from Python’s built-in json module.

Serializable:
dict, list, tuple (converted to JSON array, str, int, float, bool, None (converted to null in JSON)

Not Serializable (TypeError):
set, bytes, complex, Custom objects (unless handled manually)

Parsing is the process of analyzing and extracting structured data from an input (like a request body in an API).
It ensures that incoming data is correctly formatted and meets the expected type and constraints.

In Flask-RESTful, reqparse is used to parse and validate incoming request data (usually from a PUT or POST request).
It ensures that the request includes the correct parameters and types before processing.


Can you use different method names aside from Get, Post, Put, Patch, Delete?
No, not if you want them to work automatically with HTTP methods. Flask-RESTful relies on these specific method names (get, post, etc.)
to map HTTP requests to your class methods. If you name them differently (e.g., create_video instead of post),
Flask-RESTful won't recognize them unless you manually route them (which defeats the purpose of using Flask-RESTful's conventions).


How Flask-RESTful handle HTTP requests (using main.py and test.py as examples)
1.  Inheritance: class Videos(Resource)
Resource - Base class that enables HTTP method handling.
By inheriting from flask_restful.Resource, your Videos class gains the ability to handle HTTP methods via predefined method names (get, post, etc.).
This is a core feature of Flask-RESTful. The parent Resource class provides the plumbing to connect HTTP methods to your Python methods.

2.  Flask-RESTful automatically maps HTTP methods to your class methods based on their names:
GET - get(self, id)     /    POST - post(self, id)    /   PUT - put(self, id)    /    PATCH - patch(self, id)    /   DELETE - delete(self, id)

3.  URL Routing: api.add_resource()
add_resource binds your Videos class to a specific URL route.
It tells Flask: "Use the Videos class to handle all requests to /videos/<int:video_id>."
You can bind multiple URLs to the same Resource class if needed.

@marshal_with is a decorator provided by Flask-RESTful that automatically formats the output of your API endpoints into a consistent JSON structure.
It ensures that the response data matches the schema you define (using resource_fields), and it handles serialization of complex objects (like SQLAlchemy models) into JSON.